#summary Discussion around breaking changes in 2.0
#labels Phase-Support
*This page is a WIP / Brain dump of changes as they're committed to the codebase.  It will be cleaned up to coherent documentation shortly*
= Introduction =

2.0 is due for release shortly.  It involves a number of breaking changes, and changes to how dpHibernate is configured.

We will be seeking community feedback on these changes before a final release, so content listed here is subject to change.

If you have concerns about some of these changes, please email the mailing list:
dphibernate@googlegroups.com


= Details =
==General==
All classes have been moved from net.digitalprimates.* into a new namespace: org.dphibernate.*

This is a breaking change.  You need to update any references throughout the code to the new  namespace.  
==Configuration==
*Renamed*: net.digitalprimates.persistence.hibernate.HibernateAdapter becomes org.dphibernate.adapters.RemotingAdapter

The main configuration block has changed.
 * You now must decalre a SerializerFactory.  This is the only mandatory field.
   * If running in Spring, use `org.dphibernate.serialization.SpringContextSerializerFactory`
   * If running outside of Spring, use `org.dphibernate.serialization.SimpleSerializationFactory`
   * Alternatively, write your own.  It must implement `org.dphibernate.serialization.ISerializerFactory`
 * The `sessionFactory` element has been dropped.  SessionFactories are now provided by the SerializerFactory.  In the case of Spring, the sessionFactory is now injected by the container, rather than being explicitly fetched
 * `loadMethod` and `saveMethod` are now optional.  If ommitted, the values default to loadBean and saveBean respectively.
 * Added the `loadBatchMethod` property, which specifies the method name used for batch loaded calls.  If ommitted, it defaults to `loadProxyBatch`
 * Added the `pageSize` property, which configures pagination on the adapter.  If  * ommitted, defaults to -1 - disabled.
